cupcakes are out and they're looking
good right now for the frosting it's
very important that these are caught
because as soon as you pop them on there
when it hot that's it game over it's
gonna melt it's basically same amount of
butter to ice and sugar I'll wait to the
hummingbird and they tell me it's
perfectly okay to milk in there Chester
just to make it fluff up a bit just a
little splash pretty about tablespoon I
want to make it nice and yellow on top
capers
therefore nom and pecans off all nice
little yellow 12 you probably only want
about a teaspoon of this pre powerful
that's it
literally tip it out already
that color is wow that's a nice color
so get piping bag get you nozzle win all
right
now I had a nice big dollop of here
twisty twisty wattage although the
hummingbird swirl look great in the shop
is quite hard to do so I prefer to use a
piping bag and a nozzle mmm
all right
that was quite nice now tell her to sell
the balls then or there or about it look
good look at that
you